all right guys today I'm going to show
you how to get the fake ring Red River
death we're good then I o'clock hmm
let's concede the drink I like right
here you have to wiggle it out a little
wee girl a little on this ah you gotta
put it like back in right back in very
fast I've done it a couple down okay
their deaths there we go I'd now just
did it these are the fake rings of death
so here hold it yeah are selling a cool
trick if you hold the you have to do
that was just this the Lord to catch the
the controllers you know like the burn
up here forgot what it is but it's right
next to the memory be unit you just hold
that or not hold it but just press this
with the eject button just like and you
as you can see it sends it to the four
rings and then if you click it again
watch it it does like after three times
it goes to the one ring and as you can
see the power is the orange not little
crapper just I don't know if it still
works and I turn it on and their rings
possible
what just tear one more turn and I can
get it deter there we go and as you can
see the powers orange one like it's like
orange and the red ring you still there
click it once it gets the four rings
cook it 1 2 3 it gets some watering and
then one again and you get the three
rings again well as you can see it's not
the real red rings cuz there is a
dimmest right there you can't really see
it off on my camera but there is a dim
red line that year whereas the second
controller suppose me it's a dim red
light so it's not the real ones
everyone's interest rate a black right
there but this is a great way to trick
your friends cuz they're like oh my god
my black box is broken so yeah it's a
pretty good way to trick your friends
that way I mean I just figured this out
to a couple days ago by complete
accident but you have to do it so yeah
that's how you get the fake red rings of
this